❌ WIP: Pull Requests - Do you use draft Pull Requests? (#7758)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/create-draft-pull-requests/rule.md

---
type: rule
archivedreason: 

> title: Pull Requests - Do you use Draft Pull Requests?

Reviewer: Hi @SpookyBoogy2016 

I think this rule is more about indicating draft PRs rather than using them

- [ ] 1. What about changing the title to "Do you use and indicate Draft Pull Requests?"

Author: Makes sense. Resolved.

guid: e2b8bcf4-916b-499b-b8f1-ca2a4c80cee9
uri: create-draft-pull-requests
created: 2024-01-11T04:53:25.0000000Z
authors:
- title: Tino Liu
  url: https://ssw.com.au/people/tino-liu
- title: Nick Curran
  url: https://ssw.com.au/people/nick-curran
- title: Daniel Mackay
  url: https://ssw.com.au/people/daniel-mackay
related:
- over-the-shoulder
- adding-changes-to-pull-requests
- do-you-use-co-creation-patterns
- write-a-good-pull-request
- co-authored-commits
---

The use of Draft Pull Requests is a handy practice to indicate work in progress promoting early collaboration and continuous feedback.

> This approach enhances code quality, reduces duplication, and helps to maintain a transparent and efficient development pipeline. Creating Draft Pull Requests will usually also triggers GitHub Workflows so developers get early feedback on the quality of their changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This approach enhances code quality, reduces duplication, and helps to maintain a transparent and efficient development pipeline. Creating Draft Pull Requests will also trigger GitHub Workflows so developers get early feedback on the quality of their changes.
```

Author: Good catch. Resolved!
